Here.
Piisuke's birdfeed is 10,000 yen a month,
leaving me with 2,000 yen to feed myself.
Man, I wish I could eat
till I was full for once.
But all my problems are gonna go away
once I kill this Sakamoto guy.
Right, Piisuke?
I mean, one billion yen!
Imagine what we could do with all that.
We might even be able to eat sushi!
SAKAMOTO'S
HEISUKE MASHIMO
I gotta say,
a lot of hit men are after that bounty…
They're tearing the shop apart.
We'll need to do some major repairs.
But we don't have the money for that.
So hopefully,
we can win the tournament tomorrow
and it'll all work out.
PAINTBALL TOURNAMENT
PRIZE: ¥1,000,000
Hiya. Got a minute?
Hello, how--
Which one of you is Taro Sakamoto?
HIT MAN
HEISUKE MASHIMO
Another hit man!
Hand him over without a fuss
and I'll let you go, fatty.
That's the Sakamoto you're looking for!
I'm just a part-timer here.
I don't know a Taro Sakamoto.
Wait, what?
Isn't this Sakamoto's?!
There are lots of shops with that name.
Lots? Aw, man!
You're cute.
This hit man's a moron.
He doesn't even realize
that his target is right in front of him.
Also…
There are lots of them?!
SACAMOTO'Z
Wait. So that means…
we won't get to eat sushi?
No fair! That makes me so sad.
His thoughts are so stupid and trivial!
What a worthless mind to read…
But I asked this old lady on the street
and she said Taro Sakamoto would be here…
We told you, he's not here.
Taro Sakamoto's a common name anyway.
There must be two hundred million of them.
Two hundred million?
How am I supposed to find the right one?
The train fees are gonna rack up…
I don't even have enough money
for breakfast today.
He's watching us.
Thanks so much, you guys!
Piisuke, you're welcome any day.
We're so lucky they gave us pork buns,
huh, Piisuke?
I didn't know
there were such dumb hit men.
Guys like that last surprisingly long.
Damn, I was really counting on that.
I guess we're gonna be stuck
living in this tent for a while.
Though this tent won't last much longer…
Grandma back home gave it to me special,
and look at it now…
Someday we're gonna make it big
and live in a huge house, Piisuke.
You don't have what it takes
to be a hit man.
Just quit already, jackass.
I wanna show the guys who fired us
just how wrong they were.
"Paintball Tournament"?
A one million yen prize?!
Holy smokes!
With that much money,
I bet we could buy a condo!
This is it, Piisuke. Luck is on our side!
THE 52ND IKORAIZAKA SHOPPING STREET
PAINTBALL TOURNAMENT
Let's win this thing.
One million yen…
Walkie-talkies for team communications
available over here.
Wow, they have KIL2-Us.
This equipment is legit!
Reel it in.
Good luck, guys!
Lu, why aren't you playing?
I'm not participating
in such a barbaric game.
We're doing it to get enough money
to repair the shop.
Well, I'm sure the two of us
can handle these amateurs.
No, you can't do that.
-Come on!
-Oh, jeez.
Please? Please let me play!
I'm telling you, you can't play alone!
It's a team competition
requiring two to five people per team!
Seriously?
Piisuke?
You guys have to help me!
Get away from us!
-Hey, let go!
-Pretty please!
TEAM SAKAMOTO'S
TARO SAKAMOTO
SHIN ASAKURA
HEISUKE MASHIMO
Thanks so much, you guys.
Damn it…
He's gonna slow us down.
Hello! Thank you for participating
in the annual Ikoraizaka Shopping Street
Paintball Tournament!
We'll be using paintball BB pellets.
If you get shot, you're out of the game.
The whole shopping street is your field.
Shoot to your heart's content
and we'll clean up together afterwards.
It's great that they do this every year.
Sure is helpful.
Now I get it.
It also serves as community cleanup
for the neighborhood.
Prize money, cleaning… What a great event.
Is everyone in position?
Hey, so, what am I supposed to do?
Just shoot people!
Got it!
But don't shoot us teammates, okay?
I'm not that dumb!
What's with those guys?
Rookies, right?
-And… begin!
-They won't last--
Did he… shoot those guys?
What? She said "begin," right?
Starting off strong, it's Sakamoto's!
How did that happen?
-The heck?
-What a way to kick it off!
How did he…
Caught you off guard.
No hard feelings, Mr. Sakamoto.
THESE ARE AIRSOFT GUNS
Sakamoto's is crushing it!
Looks like they're our top contender!
We've got this!
Bulletproof glass for the shop,
an expanded range of instant noodles…
This is super fun!
So this is what it's like to
have comrades.
It's so nice to have pals
to watch your back…
He thinks we're "pals" already?
By the way, you guys are really good.
Are you guys professional…
He knows?
…paintball nerds?
Good thing he's dumb.
Okay. I'll be the decoy
and get up to the front line.
Cover me, brothers!
He's not a bad guy, I guess.
Woo-hoo! Get 'em, legend!
Go, Taro Sakamoto!
I love how your belly jiggles!
Taro… Sakamoto?
Nah, he looks nothing like this!
That's Mr. Manager when he was thin!
I like him better chubby.
See? His glasses and hair
are the exact same--
This doesn't look anything like you,
Mr. Sakamoto.
Right?
I don't like liars.
Uh-oh! They were on a roll,
but the members of Team Sakamoto's
are now turning on each other!
How could you?
I thought you were my pals.
That damn Lu.
She just couldn't keep her mouth shut.
Oh, well.
Looks like I'm getting
both the prize and the bounty.
Caught you off guard!
Die, you suckers!
Whoa! Team Barbers, coming in strong!
Perfect timing.
Ow!
Argh!
Over here, Piisuke!
Airsoft guns are fun and all, but…
A real gun?!
…this is more my style!
From that distance, with that stance…
Such a well-aimed headshot…
I guess it can't be that easy.
Let's go farther, Piisuke.
Hey, wait!
Shin, we have to deal with this first.
Man, who would've thought…
our target would be right under our noses?
We really are lucky!
What is it, Piisuke?
No, I'm not crying…
I'm not sad at all.
They're my enemies!
You get it, right?
Either way,
this is something I have to do.
I need to make my mark
as a freelance hit man!
All right, the tournament
is coming to its climax!
Which team will win
and take home the prize?
He doesn't seem to be near.
-I'll take a look around.
-Stop.
You need to be cautious
in battles with a sniper.
First, you determine where they are.
However, you must do so
without giving away your own position.
A ricochet?
Where is he shooting from?
He knows our location?
Seriously, Piisuke?
He dodged that one too?
Are you alright, Mr. Sakamoto?
You dodged that, huh? Pretty impressive.
What are you talking about?
It was a random ricochet.
Don't get smug.
It wasn't random.
His round had an absurd spin rate.
I think it was designed
specifically to ricochet.
Wow. Didn't think you'd figure that out.
You're right.
The rounds I use
are called triple-rebound rounds.
They're made to bounce
so you can't track the trajectory.
It's a special design.
For someone who called us "pals,"
you have no problem with killing us.
Don't be so naive.
We're hit men before we're pals.
Once I put my eye to the scope,
it's just a matter of hit or miss.
Nothing else.
CONSTRUCTION ZONE
Seriously? He won't even
let us catch our breath!
They put up a good fight.
Ever since I was young,
I've never been able
to measure up to my peers.
You're really no good at anything,
huh, Heisuke?
But somehow,
I could keep pace
when it came to shooting.
This is it! This has got to be my thing!
Hi, I'm the new hire, Heisuke Mashimo.
My expertise is sniping.
In the academy,
I focused on my sniping skills.
I'll be the best sniper you've ever had.
Nice to meet you all!
What's wrong with you?
What use would we have
for a guy who can only do one thing?
ONE KILL PER DAY
Did you think
you'd get to choose your tasks, rookie?
Go, go!
Kill 'em all!
What're you doing, Mashimo?
You can't even handle a knife?
Mashimo, stop slowing us down!
I'm gonna kill you!
I'm telling you.
You really aren't cut out to be a hit man.
Who cares if you can shoot
if that's all you can do?
Just quit already, jackass.
Unable to fit in, I got fired from my job.
I'm so hungry. You too, Piisuke?
"Taro Sakamoto… Bounty, one billion yen."
WANTED: TARO SAKAMOTO
This is it.
I'm gonna prove to them
that I am an awesome sniper.
I need to complete this hit to prove…
that I'm not--
Shut up already! Your mic is on.
Dang, you heard all that?
Who cares what other people think?
What does it matter?!
The person you need to prove yourself to
is you, and only you!
When people get surprised,
I can read their thoughts even from afar.
Well played.
Attacking me with your loud voice.
I got a screechy ringing in my ear.
With a pebble?
This guy's a monster…
There's no way I could ever beat him…
PAINTBALL TOURNAMENT
All day, we've watched teams fight
to survive this cutthroat game,
and now, it has finally come to an end!
The winner of this year's game is…
Team Sakamoto's!
WINNER'S PRIZE
Way to go!
Turns out, I'm not even a good sniper.
Damn it all!
Man, you cry a lot.
Are you really a hit man?
Shut up!
It's not like you guys would know
what it feels like to be weak.
Weak?
Never have I fought such a skilled sniper.
Not once.
It's not like that's the nicest thing
someone has ever said to me!
Stop crying about everything!
Oh, the prize…
Here's your share.
I get to have some?
Only 50 yen?!
You wrecked half the town
with those ricochets.
PAINTBALL TOURNAMENT
WINNER
What a shame.
You fought so hard to win,
but used all the money to fix up the town.
Sorry.
It's okay.
You're safe and that's what matters.
Hey, how did you two meet?
Huh?
I can't imagine Mr. Sakamoto
asking someone out.
Well, you know…
Hi! May I help you?
That'll be 1,063 yen.
Is that blood on your shirt?
Sir?
Here,
this is for you.
He has a surprisingly pure heart.
Stop reading Aoi's mind.
Sorry, sir.
Subtitle translation by: Yuka Kristi